TEST                                  | STATUS    | DURATION

example_test.py                       | ✓ Passed  | 2 s
feature_assumevalid.py                | ✓ Passed  | 75 s
feature_bip68_sequence.py             | ✓ Passed  | 89 s
feature_bip9_softforks.py             | ✓ Passed  | 333 s
feature_block.py                      | ✖ Failed  | 764 s
feature_cltv.py                       | ✓ Passed  | 17 s
feature_config_args.py                | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
feature_csv_activation.py             | ✓ Passed  | 16 s
feature_dbcrash.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 2254 s
feature_dersig.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 15 s
feature_fee_estimation.py             | ✓ Passed  | 333 s
feature_help.py                       | ✓ Passed  | 1 s
feature_logging.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
feature_maxuploadtarget.py            | ✓ Passed  | 284 s
feature_minchainwork.py               | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
feature_notifications.py              | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
feature_nulldummy.py                  | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
feature_proxy.py                      | ✓ Passed  | 6 s
feature_pruning.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 2743 s
feature_rbf.py                        | ✓ Passed  | 10 s
feature_reindex.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
feature_segwit.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 17 s
feature_uacomment.py                  | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
feature_versionbits_warning.py        | ✓ Passed  | 10 s
interface_bitcoin_cli.py              | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
interface_http.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
interface_rest.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
interface_zmq.py                      | ○ Skipped | 2 s
mempool_limit.py                      | ✓ Passed  | 9 s
mempool_packages.py                   | ✓ Passed  | 13 s
mempool_persist.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 12 s
mempool_reorg.py                      | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
mempool_resurrect.py                  | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
mempool_spend_coinbase.py             | ✓ Passed  | 2 s
mining_basic.py                       | ✓ Passed  | 2 s
mining_getblocktemplate_longpoll.py   | ✓ Passed  | 68 s
mining_prioritisetransaction.py       | ✓ Passed  | 25 s
p2p_compactblocks.py                  | ✓ Passed  | 21 s
p2p_disconnect_ban.py                 | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
p2p_feefilter.py                      | ✓ Passed  | 45 s
p2p_fingerprint.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
p2p_invalid_block.py                  | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
p2p_invalid_tx.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
p2p_leak.py                           | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
p2p_mempool.py                        | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
p2p_node_network_limited.py           | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
p2p_segwit.py                         | ✓ Passed  | 199 s
p2p_sendheaders.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 16 s
p2p_timeouts.py                       | ✓ Passed  | 64 s
p2p_unrequested_blocks.py             | ✓ Passed  | 6 s
rpc_bind.py                           | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
rpc_blockchain.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 14 s
rpc_decodescript.py                   | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
rpc_deprecated.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
rpc_fundrawtransaction.py             | ✓ Passed  | 21 s
rpc_getchaintips.py                   | ✓ Passed  | 6 s
rpc_invalidateblock.py                | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
rpc_listtransactions.py               | ✓ Passed  | 22 s
rpc_named_arguments.py                | ✓ Passed  | 2 s
rpc_net.py                            | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
rpc_preciousblock.py                  | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
rpc_rawtransaction.py                 | ✓ Passed  | 16 s
rpc_signmessage.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 2 s
rpc_signrawtransaction.py             | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
rpc_txoutproof.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
rpc_uptime.py                         | ✓ Passed  | 2 s
rpc_users.py                          | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
wallet_abandonconflict.py             | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
wallet_accounts.py                    | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
wallet_address_types.py               | ✓ Passed  | 44 s
wallet_backup.py                      | ✓ Passed  | 103 s
wallet_basic.py                       | ✓ Passed  | 34 s
wallet_bumpfee.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 14 s
wallet_disable.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
wallet_dump.py                        | ✓ Passed  | 20 s
wallet_encryption.py                  | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
wallet_hd.py                          | ✓ Passed  | 46 s
wallet_import_rescan.py               | ✓ Passed  | 10 s
wallet_importmulti.py                 | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
wallet_importprunedfunds.py           | ✓ Passed  | 6 s
wallet_keypool.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 10 s
wallet_keypool_topup.py               | ✓ Passed  | 19 s
wallet_listreceivedby.py              | ✓ Passed  | 11 s
wallet_listsinceblock.py              | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
wallet_multiwallet.py                 | ✓ Passed  | 14 s
wallet_multiwallet.py --usecli        | ✓ Passed  | 21 s
wallet_resendwallettransactions.py    | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
wallet_txn_clone.py                   | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
wallet_txn_clone.py --mineblock       | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
wallet_txn_clone.py --segwit          | ✓ Passed  | 6 s
wallet_txn_doublespend.py             | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
wallet_txn_doublespend.py --mineblock | ✓ Passed  | 10 s
wallet_zapwallettxes.py               | ✓ Passed  | 6 s

ALL                                   | ✖ Failed  | 8121 s (accumulated) 

